chore(cloudflare): add option to set persistence dir (#23)
withastro/adapters: .changeset/rich-foxes-deliver.md

---
'@astrojs/cloudflare': patch
---

> Improves the developer experience, when using Cloudflare runtime with `astro dev`

Reviewer: t ```suggestion
Adds a new property `persistTo`, which allows .... when using Cloudflare runtime with `astro dev`
```
You didn't think I was going to let you get away with that, did you?  :smile:

Also, isn't there a breaking change in here because a value's format has changed from a string to an object?

Author: I updated the Changeset, but would like for you to check it from the language aspect again. :)

> Adds a new property `persistTo`, which allows to set the directory for local state files when using Cloudflare runtime with `astro dev`. This is useful when you want to persist state between restarts of the dev server, for example when using KV, D1, R2 to store data. Additionally, adds a warning, if the old configuration format is used. The current format is `runtime: { mode: 'off' | 'local', persistTo: string }`. See [runtime documentation](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/cloudflare/#runtime) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a new property `persistTo` which allows setting the directory for local state files when using Cloudflare runtime with `astro dev`. This is useful when you want to persist state between restarts of the dev server, for example when using KV, D1, R2 to store data. 

Additionally, updates the format of the `runtime` configuration and adds a warning when the deprecated format is used. The current format is  now `runtime: { mode: 'off' | 'local', persistTo: string }`. See [runtime documentation](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/cloudflare/#runtime) for more information.
```
Something like this, maybe? I'd at least split these into two paragraphs.

---
'@astrojs/cloudflare': minor
---

Adds a new property `persistTo` which allows setting the directory for local state files when using Cloudflare runtime with `astro dev`. This is useful when you want to persist state between restarts of the dev server, for example when using KV, D1, R2 to store data.

> Additionally, updates the format of the `runtime` configuration and adds a warning when the deprecated format is used. The current format is  now `runtime: { mode: 'off' | 'local', persistTo: string }`. See [runtime documentation](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/cloudflare/#runtime) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, updates the format of the `runtime` configuration and adds a warning when the deprecated format is used. The current format is now `runtime: { mode: 'off' | 'local', persistTo: string }`. See [runtime documentation](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/cloudflare/#runtime) for more information.
```
Stupid double space

Author: Good catch!
